Add ASA Groups Documentation (#1511)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/asa/groups/index.md

* [List the ASA Groups for a Team](#list-the-asa-groups-for-a-team)
* [Create an ASA Group](#create-an-asa-group)
* [Fetch a single ASA Group](#fetch-a-single-asa-group)
* [Remove an ASA Group from Team](#remove-an-asa-group-from-team)
* [Update an ASA Group](#update-an-asa-group)
* [List ASA Users of an ASA Group](#list-asa-users-of-an-asa-group)
* [Add an ASA User to an ASA Group](#add-an-asa-user-to-an-asa-group)
* [Remove an ASA User from an ASA Group](#remove-an-asa-user-from-an-asa-group)
* [List ASA Users of a Team not assigned to a ASA Group](#list-asa-users-of-a-team-not-assigned-to-a-asa-group)

### List the ASA Groups for a Team

<ApiOperation method="GET" url="https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/groups" />
This endpoint lists the ASA Groups for a Team.

This endpoint requires one of the following roles: `access_admin`, `access_user`, `reporting_user`.

#### Request path parameters

| Parameter | Type        | Description   |
| --------- | ----------- | ------------- |
| `team_name`   | string | The name of your Team. |

#### Request query parameters

| Parameter | Type   | Description |
| --------- | ------------- | -------- |

> | `contains`   |  string | (Optional) If this value is not empty, the results will be filtered to only contain ASA Groups whose name contains the value provided. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `contains`   |  string | (Optional) If a value is provided, the results are filtered to only contain ASA Groups whose name contains that value. |
```
Please do this for all `contains` table entries.

| `count`   |  number | (Optional) The number of objects per page. |
| `descending`   |  boolean | (Optional) The object order. |
| `offset`   |  string | (Optional) The page offset. |
| `prev`   |  boolean | (Optional) The direction of paging. |

#### Request body

This endpoint has no request body.

#### Response body
This endpoint returns a list of objects with the following fields and a `200` code on a successful call.
| Properties | Type        | Description          |
|----------|-------------|----------------------|
| `deleted_at`   | string | The time at which the ASA Group was deleted. |
| `federated_from_team`   | string | (Optional) The name of the Team from which to federate the ASA Group. |
| `federation_approved_at`   | string | (Optional) The time when the ASA Group had its federation approved. |
| `id`   | string | The UUID of the ASA Group. |

> | `name`   | string | The name of the ASA Group. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `name`   | string | The name of the ASA Group |
```
Please do this for all `name` table entries.

> | `roles`   | array | A list of roles for the ASA Group. Options are `access_user`, `access_admin` and `reporting_user`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `roles`   | array | A list of roles for the ASA Group. Options are `access_user`, `access_admin`, and `reporting_user`. |
```
Please do this for all `roles` table entries.

#### Usage example

##### Request

```bash
curl -v -X GET \
-H "Authorization: Bearer ${jwt}" \
https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/groups
```

##### Response

```json
{
	"list": [
		{
			"deleted_at": "0001-01-01T00:00:00Z",
			"federated_from_team": "william-faulkner",
			"federation_approved_at": "2018-04-07T00:00:00Z",
			"id": "2ad2145a-ecad-4865-9ad8-6ce2c0e140e9",
			"name": "compsons",
			"roles": [
				"access_user",
				"reporting_user",
				"access_admin"
			]
		},
		{
			"deleted_at": "0001-01-01T00:00:00Z",
			"federated_from_team": null,
			"federation_approved_at": null,
			"id": "05e752ae-8524-4423-aef5-6f0a1fb253e4",
			"name": "compsons",
			"roles": [
				"access_user",
				"reporting_user",
				"access_admin"
			]
		}
	]
}
```
### Create an ASA Group

<ApiOperation method="POST" url="https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/groups" />

> This endpoint creates an ASA Group. The ASA Group have users added to it and also be assigned to Projects in order to manage access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates an ASA Group. You can add users to the ASA Group and also assigned the Group to Projects to manage access.
```

| `federation_approved_at`   | string | (Optional) The time when the ASA Group had its federation approved. |
| `id`   | string | The UUID of the ASA Group. |
| `name`   | string | The name of the ASA Group. |
| `roles`   | array | A list of roles for the ASA Group. Options are `access_user`, `access_admin` and `reporting_user`. |

#### Usage example

##### Request

```bash
curl -v -X POST \
-H "Authorization: Bearer ${jwt}" \
--data '{
	"deleted_at": null,
	"federated_from_team": null,
	"federation_approved_at": null,
	"id": "",
	"name": "compsons",
	"roles": [
		"access_user",
		"reporting_user",
		"access_admin"
	]
}' \
https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/groups
```

##### Response

```json
{
	"deleted_at": "0001-01-01T00:00:00Z",
	"federated_from_team": null,
	"federation_approved_at": null,
	"id": "05e752ae-8524-4423-aef5-6f0a1fb253e4",
	"name": "compsons",
	"roles": [
		"access_user",
		"reporting_user",
		"access_admin"
	]
}
```
### Fetch a single ASA Group

<ApiOperation method="GET" url="https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/groups/${group_name}" />

> This endpoint fetches details regarding a single ASA Group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fetches details regarding a single ASA Group
```

> This endpoint requires one of the following roles: `access_admin`, `access_user`, `reporting_user`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint requires one of the following roles: `access_admin`, `access_user`, or `reporting_user`.
```

| Properties | Type        | Description          |
|----------|-------------|----------------------|
| `deleted_at`   | string | The time at which the ASA Group was deleted. |
| `federated_from_team`   | string | (Optional) The name of the Team from which to federate the ASA Group. |
| `federation_approved_at`   | string | (Optional) The time when the ASA Group had its federation approved. |
| `id`   | string | The UUID of the ASA Group. |
| `name`   | string | The name of the ASA Group. |
| `roles`   | array | A list of roles for the ASA Group. Options are `access_user`, `access_admin` and `reporting_user`. |

#### Usage example

##### Request

```bash
curl -v -X GET \
-H "Authorization: Bearer ${jwt}" \
https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/groups/${group_name}
```

##### Response

```json
{
	"deleted_at": "0001-01-01T00:00:00Z",
	"federated_from_team": null,
	"federation_approved_at": null,
	"id": "05e752ae-8524-4423-aef5-6f0a1fb253e4",
	"name": "compsons",
	"roles": [
		"access_user",
		"reporting_user",
		"access_admin"
	]
}
```
### Remove an ASA Group from Team

<ApiOperation method="DELETE" url="https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/groups/${group_name}" />

> This endpoint removes an ASA Group from the Team and also from any associated Projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removes an ASA Group from the Team and also from any associated Projects
```

> This endpoint requires one of the following roles: `access_admin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint requires the `access_admin` role.
```

#### Request path parameters

| Parameter | Type        | Description   |
| --------- | ----------- | ------------- |
| `group_name`   | string | The ASA Group name. |
| `team_name`   | string | The name of your Team. |

#### Request query parameters

This endpoint has no query parameters.

#### Request body

This endpoint has no request body.

#### Response body
This endpoint returns a `204 No Content` response on a successful call.

#### Usage example

##### Request

```bash
curl -v -X DELETE \
-H "Authorization: Bearer ${jwt}" \
https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/groups/${group_name}
```

##### Response

```json
HTTP 204 No Content
```
### Update an ASA Group

<ApiOperation method="PUT" url="https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/groups/${group_name}" />

> This endpoint updates the access privileges regarding a single ASA Group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updates the access privileges of a single ASA Group
```

> This endpoint requires one of the following roles: `access_admin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint requires the `access_admin` role.
```

#### Request path parameters

| Parameter | Type        | Description   |
| --------- | ----------- | ------------- |
| `group_name`   | string | The ASA Group name. |
| `team_name`   | string | The name of your Team. |

#### Request query parameters

This endpoint has no query parameters.

#### Request body

This endpoint requires an object with the following fields.
| Properties | Type        | Description          |
|----------|-------------|----------------------|
| `roles`   | array | A list of Roles for the ASA Group. Options are `access_user`, `access_admin` and `reporting_user`. |

#### Response body
This endpoint returns a `204 No Content` response on a successful call.

#### Usage example

##### Request

```bash
curl -v -X PUT \
-H "Authorization: Bearer ${jwt}" \
--data '{
	"roles": [
		"access_user",
		"reporting_user",
		"access_admin"
	]
}' \
https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/groups/${group_name}
```

##### Response

```json
HTTP 204 No Content
```
### List ASA Users of an ASA Group

<ApiOperation method="GET" url="https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/groups/${group_name}/users" />

> This endpoint lists all ASA Users in an ASA Group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lists all of the ASA Users in an ASA Group
```

> This endpoint requires one of the following roles: `access_user`, `access_admin`, `reporting_user`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint requires one of the following roles: `access_user`, `access_admin`, or `reporting_user`.
```

#### Request path parameters

| Parameter | Type        | Description   |
| --------- | ----------- | ------------- |
| `group_name`   | string | The ASA Group name. |
| `team_name`   | string | The name of your Team. |

#### Request query parameters

| Parameter | Type   | Description |
| --------- | ------------- | -------- |
| `contains`   |  string | (Optional) Includes ASA Users with name that contains the value. |
| `count`   |  number | (Optional) The number of objects per page. |
| `descending`   |  boolean | (Optional) The object order. |
| `offset`   |  string | (Optional) The page offset. |
| `prev`   |  boolean | (Optional) The direction of paging. |

> | `starts_with`   |  string | (Optional) Includes ASA Users with name that begins with the value. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `starts_with`   |  string | (Optional) Includes ASA Users with a name that begins with the provided value |
```

> | `status`   |  string | (Optional) Includes ASA Users with specified statuses. Valid statuses are `ACTIVE`, `DISABLED`, and `DELETED`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `status`   |  string | (Optional) Includes ASA Users with the specified statuses. Valid statuses: `ACTIVE`, `DISABLED`, and `DELETED`. |
```
Please do this for all `status` table entries.

> | `user_type`   |  string | (Optional) Includes ASA Users of the specified type. Valid types are `human` and `service`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `user_type`   |  string | (Optional) Includes ASA Users of the specified type. Valid types: `human` and `service`. |
```
Please do this for all `user_type` table entries.

#### Request body

This endpoint has no request body.

#### Response body
This endpoint returns a list of objects with the following fields and a `200` code on a successful call.
| Properties | Type        | Description          |
|----------|-------------|----------------------|

> | `deleted_at`   | string | The time at which the ASA User was deleted. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `deleted_at`   | string | The time at which the ASA User was deleted |
```
Please do this for all `deleted_at` table entries in this section.

> | `details`   | object | An object with the following keys, the values of which are all strings: `first_name`, `last_name`, `full_name`, `email`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `details`   | object | An object with the following keys, the values of which are all strings: `first_name`, `last_name`, `full_name`, and `email` |
```
Please do this for all `details` table entries in this section.

> | `id`   | string | The UUID of the ASA User. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `id`   | string | The UUID of the ASA User |
```
Please do this for all `id` table entries in this section.

> | `name`   | string | The username of the ASA User. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `name`   | string | The username of the ASA User |
```
Please do this for all `name` table entries in this section.

> | `oauth_client_application_id`   | string | The ID of the ASA User provided by OAuth, if it exists. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `oauth_client_application_id`   | string | The ID of the ASA User provided by OAuth, if it exists |
```
Please do this for all `oauth_client_application_id` table entries in this section.

> | `role_grants`   | array | The permission roles available to the ASA User. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `role_grants`   | array | The permission roles available to the ASA User |
```
Please do this for all `role_grants` table entries in this section.

> | `status`   | string | One of `ACTIVE`, `DISABLED`, or `DELETED`. ASA Users cannot disable or delete their own ASA User. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `status`   | string | Status of the ASA User: `ACTIVE`, `DISABLED`, or `DELETED`. ASA Users can't disable or delete their own ASA User. |
```
Please do this for all `status` table entries in this section.

> | `user_type`   | string | The type of ASA User, either `service` or `human`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `user_type`   | string | The type of ASA User: `service` or `human` |
```
Please do this for all `user_type` table entries in this section.

#### Usage example

##### Request

```bash
curl -v -X GET \
-H "Authorization: Bearer ${jwt}" \
https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/groups/${group_name}/users
```

##### Response

```json
{
	"list": [
		{
			"deleted_at": null,
			"details": {
				"email": "benjy.compson@example.com",
				"first_name": "Benjy",
				"full_name": "Benjy Compson",
				"last_name": "Compson"
			},
			"id": "742433f1-b0a2-4952-bf43-b77198744de3",
			"name": "Benjy.Compson",
			"oauth_client_application_id": null,
			"role_grants": null,
			"status": "DISABLED",
			"user_type": "human"
		}
	]
}
```
### Add an ASA User to an ASA Group

<ApiOperation method="POST" url="https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/groups/${group_name}/users" />

> This endpoint adds an ASA User to an ASA Group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds an ASA User to an ASA Group
```

> This endpoint requires one of the following roles: `access_admin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint requires the `access_admin` role.
```

| `role_grants`   | array | The permission roles available to the ASA User. |
| `status`   | string | One of `ACTIVE`, `DISABLED`, or `DELETED`. ASA Users cannot disable or delete their own ASA User. |
| `user_type`   | string | The type of ASA User, either `service` or `human`. |

#### Response body
This endpoint returns a `204 No Content` response on a successful call.

#### Usage example

##### Request

```bash
curl -v -X POST \
-H "Authorization: Bearer ${jwt}" \
--data '{
	"deleted_at": null,
	"details": {
		"email": "jason.compson@example.com",
		"first_name": "Jason",
		"full_name": "Jason Compson IV",
		"last_name": "Compson"
	},
	"id": "9a9da2f0-55de-44b0-9086-cdbd86cc033d",
	"name": "Jason.Compson.IV",
	"oauth_client_application_id": null,
	"role_grants": null,
	"status": "ACTIVE",
	"user_type": "human"
}' \
https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/groups/${group_name}/users
```

##### Response

```json
HTTP 204 No Content
```
### Remove an ASA User from an ASA Group

<ApiOperation method="DELETE" url="https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/groups/${group_name}/users/${user_name}" />

> This endpoint removes an ASA User from an ASA Group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removes an ASA User from an ASA Group
```

> This endpoint requires one of the following roles: `access_admin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint requires the `access_admin` role.
```

#### Request path parameters

| Parameter | Type        | Description   |
| --------- | ----------- | ------------- |
| `group_name`   | string | The ASA Group name. |
| `team_name`   | string | The name of your Team. |
| `user_name`   | string | The relevant username. |

#### Request query parameters

This endpoint has no query parameters.

#### Request body

This endpoint has no request body.

#### Response body
This endpoint returns a `204 No Content` response on a successful call.

#### Usage example

##### Request

```bash
curl -v -X DELETE \
-H "Authorization: Bearer ${jwt}" \
https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/groups/${group_name}/users/${user_name}
```

##### Response

```json
HTTP 204 No Content
```
### List ASA Users of a Team not assigned to a ASA Group

<ApiOperation method="GET" url="https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/groups/${group_name}/users_not_in_group" />

> This endpoint lists all ASA Users not in any ASA Group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lists all ASA Users not in any ASA Group
```

> This endpoint requires one of the following roles: `access_user`, `access_admin`, `reporting_user`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint requires one of the following roles: `access_user`, `access_admin`, or `reporting_user`.
```

#### Request path parameters

| Parameter | Type        | Description   |
| --------- | ----------- | ------------- |
| `group_name`   | string | The ASA Group name. |
| `team_name`   | string | The name of your Team. |

#### Request query parameters

| Parameter | Type   | Description |
| --------- | ------------- | -------- |
| `contains`   |  string | (Optional) Includes ASA Users with name that contains the value. |
| `count`   |  number | (Optional) The number of objects per page. |
| `descending`   |  boolean | (Optional) The object order. |

> | `include_service_users`   |  string | (Optional) Include Service Users in result. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `include_service_users`   |  string | (Optional) Include Service Users in the results |
```
Please do this for all `include_service_users` table entries in this section.
